Add content from community doc PR:1105, 1109 to 1111 (#213)
rancher/longhorn-product-docs: docs/version-1.9.0/modules/en/pages/data-integrity-recovery/orphaned-data-cleanup.adoc

{longhorn-product-name} supports the detection and cleanup of orphaned replica directories. It identifies the directories and gives a list of `orphan` resources that describe those directories. By default, {longhorn-product-name} does not automatically delete `orphan` resources and their directories. Users can trigger the deletion of orphaned replica directories manually or have it done automatically.

When automatic orphan deletion is enabled, {longhorn-product-name} automatically deletes orphaned Custom Resources (CRs) and their associated directories after the delay defined by the `orphan-resource-auto-deletion-grace-period` setting. If a user manually deletes an orphaned CR, the deletion occurs immediately and does not respect this grace period.

=== Example

> In the example, we will explain how to manage orphaned replica directories identified by {longhorn-product-name} via `kubectl` and {longhorn-product-name} UI.

Reviewer: Avoid using "we". You can use wording such as "The following example demonstrates how...".

Author: This was content written previously, I just changed longhorn to its product name. Let me fix this too.

 orphan-6360f22930d697c74bec4ce4056c05ac516017b908389bff53aca0657ebb3b4a   replica   rancher60-worker2
----

> . One can list the `orphan` resources created by {longhorn-product-name} system by `kubectl -n longhorn-system get orphan`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Retrieve a list of orphaned resources created by {longhorn-product-name} using the command `kubectl -n longhorn-system get orphan`.
```
